Ah, is Xiaotao back?
Hey, how are you?
This company already belongs to my son
You are not welcome here
I'm looking for Xu Tao
What's wrong? He's not here.
My son is not here
Just tell me if there is anything wrong.
It's a pity he's not here
I wanted to have a good chat with him
But I'm sure he won't be gone all the time.
Or let him come with me honestly
Otherwise, I'll let you go without food
Immortal
I should have killed you
So that you can't even give birth to this son
Hello dad
What's your trouble?
Son, Wang Kaisi came to the company to find you just now.
How nice, don't come back, he's coming for you
Did he do anything to you?
Son, I'm fine.
You must be careful
Hey okay
Didn't this call go out?
We just have to wait and see.
Just catch the turtle in the prosperity.